so this is it it's finally done guys
this is what we envision so this is the
completed Vesta our one this particular
system will get serial number one when
somebody purchases it once these systems
are released and so I'm just going to
take you guys on a total tour if you've
watched all of the videos on the
creation of the best r1 then you already
know most of the steps that we went
through here but I'm just gonna walk you
guys through it one more time just for
good measure so this is the corsair
obsidian 650d case we have our LG
blu-ray writer here in the front okay so
the front of the case we've left all of
the parts that use the nice metallic
brushed finish and then we've actually
painted all of the parts that do not use
a brushed finish so this front fan
grille is painted red and it actually
has a it's a completely cleanable
fangirl okay so then you've got access
to your front fan so I'm gonna go ahead
and put that back on for now alright
and then let's go around to the side so
we've gone with a striking Radeon red
for this system because of the video
card that it is being released alongside
so I'm gonna go ahead and take this off
so you can see the automotive paint
finish is very very shiny and I'm just
gonna go ahead and do the obligatory
finger shot thing here so that you can
guys can see just how reflective that
red is okay so I want to show you the
overall specs so this video card right
here this is why we release the system
there aren't a whole lot of these cards
out there right now they're very limited
supply so we are only building five of
these systems with it but is this is the
sixty nine ninety so you can see here
there's two back plates so that means
we've got two GPUs on this graphics card
those are 268 70s are 69 70s rather by
the time we ship the system because all
of these vest r1 systems all five of
them are going to be pre overclock the
CPU is going to be at 4.4 gigahertz and
we are going to be flipping the BIOS
which and validating each of the 69 90s
at the fall 880 megahertz clock speed so
you'll get the max
performance so we've also got a gigabyte
p67 au d7 that is a b3 board so it is a
corrected p67 board without the chipset
buck and we have eight gigs of corsair
dominator GT memory which looks
absolutely fantastic if I do say so
myself
inside the completed system we're using
a corsair h 70 liquid cooler and it is
it has custom NCIX black and red edition
y8 loon fans and we've also gone with
those same fans in the roof of the case
replacing the stock fan now let me just
see if there's anything I've missed here
out of the power supply so sparing no
expense obviously on a system like this
we've got an ax 850 watt that is an 80
plus gold power supply powering the
whole thing so this thing isn't even
going to break a sweat powering a system
like this and finally for the boot drive
pool and you know what I actually can't
pull it out because it's plugged in but
we have a Corsair performance 3 that is
a SATA 3 6 gigabit per second drive in
there and then for storage we're using a
Western Digital 2 terabyte black hard
drive so one thing I am going to do for
you guys before we wrap up here and I'm
sorry that this isn't going to be a
little bit more smooth but I had
forgotten to do this before I started
the video there we go I'm gonna plug it
in and I'm gonna turn it on because we
do have some red LED lighting inside the
case I just want to show you this other
side as well so I want you to just kind
of get the angle from this side of the
case and Turner can you do like top down
a little bit like here right like that
yeah there we go so you guys can see
what the overall finished case looks
like and so so yeah that's the other
side panel and then finally I'm gonna
put it back together this has been a
labor of love by crazy Russian and
myself to bring these systems to market
I'll be the first to tell you guys
they're not a hundred percent perfect
but they are handcrafted so there's
little imperfections in the paint
honestly the masking the building was
done by the two of us completely and I
think for the price would
I haven't really talked about much up
till now of to 9999 it's more than
reasonable it's uh it's actually a crazy
good value considering the kind of
hardware you're looking at and the
custom nature of this particular little
project so I'm going to turn off all the
lights in the room just so that you can
actually crazy Russian can you go turn
off the the overall don't like the nor
ceiling white in this room so you can
see what it looks like
when the internal light yeah there we go
okay how's that look in the camera here
let me grab the camera from you and I'm
just going to so to get some close-up
shots of the parts that I think are
important so here's what the top grille
looks like you can see you got a good
glow there because the lights actually
over on the other side under the case
itself here so it lights up these fans
really nice okay at the bottom you can
see the power supply gets a fair bit of
light and then also the top of the the
top of the motherboard gets a fair
amount of light from that top and you
can't really tell in the camera it's not
as good as seeing it in person but it's
more of a blood-red glow and I can see
it looks more orange in the camera and
you also get a fair amount of glow off
of the side of the video card here too
so it looks just very very very cool on
your desk in the dark so thank you for
checking out this special edition
episode of Linus tech tips don't forget
to subscribe yeah let's go no no no
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos